Version 1.5.2 of HUProlog
--------------------------

HUProlog is freeware.  It may be freely copied and redistributed, provided
all the files present in this distribution are included,  unaltered.  If it
is redistrubted for profit or frequently used the authors would appreciate
it if an appropriate contribution were sent c/o Andrew Stevens at
the address below.

There is *no* warranty, or guarantee of any kind for this software.

The Archimedes version is ported, modified and maintained  by:

     Andrew Stevens,      JANET: as@uk.ac.oxford.prg
     18 Kings Meadow,     INTERNET:  as@prg.oxford.ac.uk
     Overton,             UUCP:   ...!ukc!oxford.prg!as
     Basingstoke,
     HANTS.

     RG25 3HP

Who many be contacted if there any queries, bugs, features,
future releases etc relating to the Archimedes version.

FILES:

     DOC      - Documentation, further information etc
     MANUAL   - Full user manual in German (see DOC).
     !README  - This File
     NREV     - Benchmark test for Prolog   
     interrupt- Current Interrupt handler for Prolog
     SET_OF   - Various setof/3 bagof/3 goodies to be pre-loaded
                into prolog.
     DCGINTER - Stuff to support DCG grammars contributed by Andrew Wenn.
     prolog   - Prolog interpreter
     hup      - Example obey script for running HUProlog
     BUILDSS  - Obey script used when installing HUProlog
     defss    - used by BUILDSS
     Clib     - Acorn C library version 3.66
     FPEmulator - Acorn Floating point emulator version 2.80

This version, although significantly tidied internally,
should be funcionally largely identic to the previous
released version 1.20.

The only significant differences are:

(1) Floating point arithmetic is supported.
(2) Some extensions to prolog centred around := and =:=
    operators are built in.    These are probably best ignored
    for now!

(3) The debugger reads the current input stream rather than the
    console when it appears - this bug should be fixed in later
    versions.

Please note that saved states are *not* compatible between the two
versions.


The binary supplied is compiled for Clib version 366 and
floating emulation version 280 upwards  copies of which
are included.  The obey file ``pro'' expects these either
to be loaded before it is run, or kept in a sub-directory
called modules in your !System directory.  Edit ``pro''
if neither of these are convenient.

More extensive
documentation of the details of the HU-Prolog implementation
of Prolog can be found in the file DOC.   AN extensive
user-manual (in German) is in the file MANUAL.  I am currently
translating this latter into English.

